docs: add bi-weekly report (1120-1203) (#1736)
iresty/iresty.github.io: blog/en/blog/2023/12/04/bi-weekly-report.md

<!--truncate-->

## Introduction

From its inception, the Apache APISIX project has embraced the ethos of open-source community collaboration, propelling it into the ranks of the most active global open-source API gateway projects. The proverbial wisdom of 'Many hands make light work' rings true in our way, made possible by the collective dedication of our community.

From 11.20 to 12.03, a total of 22 contributors made 45 commits to Apache APISIX. We sincerely appreciate your contributions to Apache APISIX.

Our bi-weekly Apache APISIX community report is your window into the project's weekly developments. It is a tool to facilitate your seamless integration into the Apache APISIX community, ensuring that you stay well-informed and actively involved.

## Contributor Statistics

![Apache APISIX Contributors List](https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2023/12/04/PnNWmVdX_1204-Con.png)

> ![Apache APISIX New Contributors](https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2023/12/04/vrpTk1y4_1204-New.png)

Reviewer: This picture can't show properly. Can you see it? @JYan00

---
title: "Biweekly Report (November 20 - December 03)"
keywords: ["Apache APISIX", "API Gateway", "Weekly Report", "Contributor"]
description: Our bi-weekly Apache APISIX community report is your window into the project's weekly developments. It is a tool to facilitate your seamless integration into the Apache APISIX community, ensuring that you stay well-informed and actively involved.
tags: [Community]
image: https://static.apiseven.com/uploads/2023/12/04/ZD3OVqNc_1204-ENG.png
---

> > We have recently made some fixes and improvements to specific features within Apache APISIX. The updates include adding a `multi-auth` plugin, adding the required scopes configuration property to `openid-connect` plugin, and enhancing the `body-transformer` plugin. For additional information, please consult the bi-weekly report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We have recently made some additions and improvements to specific features within Apache APISIX. The updates include adding a `multi-auth` plugin, adding the required scopes configuration property to `openid-connect` plugin, and enhancing the `body-transformer` plugin. For additional information, please consult the bi-weekly report.
```

<!--truncate-->

## Introduction

From its inception, the Apache APISIX project has embraced the ethos of open-source community collaboration, propelling it into the ranks of the most active global open-source API gateway projects. The proverbial wisdom of 'Many hands make light work' rings true in our way, made possible by the collective dedication of our community.

From 11.20 to 12.03, a total of 22 contributors made 45 commits to Apache APISIX. We sincerely appreciate your contributions to Apache APISIX.

> We have recently addressed and enhanced various features, and here is a summary of the updates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have recently added and enhanced several plugins, and here is a summary of the updates:
```
